1.Voice First simply means our primary mode of interacting with computers in the future will be with our voice.
2.Brian covers a lot of ground in the interview, but there are a few main themes
3.The next generation will have grown up with voice all around them.
4.Older folks don’t touch apps anymore. Gets rid of apps.
5.They expect every screen should be manipulable with their fingers. 
6.Stop the philosophical bullshit about laptops not needing touch
7.The last act as CEO of Steve Jobs was to acquire Siri. He saw Siri as Apple’s future, more important than the iPhone, iPad, and Mac combined. 
8. Little hairs went up on my back. I’m interacting with something historic.
9. There was great anticipation when it was being acquired.
10.  I don’t know what kind of thinking was going on other than the philosophical divide inside a company that’s aging.
11. How do you do that in the post Jobs world?
12. Apple is glaringly behind. Made a bad mistake not taking Siri as a platform seriously. 
13.  they are borrowing technologies from other companies.
14. The reason Amazon won is because the Echo was built by a merchant, not an engineer.
15. He had to make sure he was satisfying people and delighting people to a level that was beyond their expectation.
16. Erik impressed me with not just his incredible understanding of iOS development, but also his appreciation for the importance of design
17. We decided to work together on the spot. 当场.
18. There were a lot of late nights and pressure-filled days, especially during my college application season.
19. Many people assume that launching a product is binary:it is either an immediate success or an immediate failure.
20.  And because it's in our DNA to get the details perfect, it's enough work for ten people.
21. The rankings were volatile.
22.  People loved the core concept of Time, but they made it clear that there were lots of bugs and issues that needed fixing.
23.  there are a handful of people like that.少数人.
24. It is incredibly humbling.
25. This is helpful conceptually, but we can also leverage it for build optimization.We leverage this to speed up our builds. 
26. It is not very elegant but it is workable.
27. Let me erase this.檫黑板.


第4组 2018-02-02 
1. trek:n,a long arduous journey, especially one made on foot.
        v,go on a long arduous journey, typically on foot.
2. autism,n,自闭症.a mental condition, present from early childhood, characterized by difficulty in communicating and forming relationships with other people and in using language and abstract concepts.
3. pretentious:adj,attempting to impress by affecting greater importance, talent, culture, etc., than is actually possessed.Are people rich and pretentious?
4. cutthroat:n,a murderer or other violent criminal.
             adj,(of a competitive situation or activity) fierce and intense; involving the use of ruthless measures.

5. legitimately:adv,合理地.legitimate adj,conforming to the law or to rules. v,make legitimate; justify or make lawful.
6. monolith,n,可数,formed of a single large block of stone.
7. spaghetti,n,意大利面.
8. exceptionally: to a greater degree than normal; unusually.
9. delineation:n,the action of indicating the exact position of a border or boundary.划定.
10. inadvertently:adv,without intention; accidentally.
11. Pseudo-code: 伪代码.
12. integers, or floating point.,negatives,positives,正负数.
13. quadratic,adj,involving the second and no higher power of an unknown quantity or variable.
  			  n,a quadratic equation.
14. unidirectional:adj,moving or operating in a single direction.
15. reconcile:v,restore friendly relations between.
16. recap:n,a summary of what has been said; a recapitulation.
          v,state again as a summary; recapitulate.
17. verbatim:adv,in exactly the same words as were used originally.逐字地
18. apricot:n,杏.
19. construe:v,interpret (a word or action) in a particular way.
20. wholly,adv,entirely; fully.
21. 


        



第3组 2018-02-02 
1. provocative:adj,causing annoyance, anger, or another strong reaction, especially deliberately.
2. sift:v,put (a fine, loose, or powdery substance) through a sieve so as to remove lumps or large particles.
3. contextual:adj.上下文
4. wisdom:n,the quality of having experience, knowledge, and good judgment; the quality of being wise.
5. dumb:adj ① (of a person) unable to speak, most typically because of congenital deafness. ②  stupid
6. intent extraction
7. entrepreneur
8. appendage:n,(often with negative or pejorative connotations) a thing that is added or attached to something larger or more important.附加物.
9. glaring:adj, giving out or reflecting a strong or dazzling light.     highly obvious or conspicuous.
10. mediate:adj. connected indirectly through another person or thing; involving an intermediate agency.
			v,intervene between people in a dispute in order to bring about an agreement or reconciliation.
11. the branch of science concerned with classification, especially of organisms; systematics.
12. taxonomy,可数,n,the branch of science concerned with classification, especially of organisms; systematics.
13. rationalism:a belief or theory that opinions and actions should be based on reason and knowledge rather than on religious belief or emotional response.
14. wallet:a pocket-sized, flat, folding holder for money and plastic cards.
15. slap :v,hit (someone or something) with the palm of one's hand or a flat object.
16. transcend:v,be or go beyond the range or limits of (something abstract, typically a conceptual field or division).
17. ain't,contraction,am not; are not; is not.It ain't’ perfect but it’s better than what's out there
18. disembody:v,separate or free (something) from its concrete form.
19. antiquated,adj,old-fashioned or outdated.过时的,Downloading an app will be antiquated.			
20. neuron:n,可数,神经元.a specialized cell transmitting nerve impulses; a nerve cell.
21. tether,n,a rope or chain with which an animal is tied to restrict its movement. 
           v,tie (an animal) with a rope or chain so as to restrict its movement.
22. leverage,v,use borrowed capital for (an investment), expecting the profits made to be greater than the interest payable.
			 n,the exertion of force by means of a lever or an object used in the manner of a lever.
23. lever:n,杠杆.
24. fallacy:n,a mistaken belief, especially one based on unsound argument.谬论.
25. toilet paper:卫生纸.
26. paper towels:纸巾.
26. enthusiast n,可数,发烧友.a person who is highly interested in a particular activity or subject.
27. hone: v, ① sharpen (a blade). ② refine or perfect (something) over a period of time.
28. dork:a dull, slow-witted, or socially inept person. 白痴.
29. procrastination ,n,拖延.the action of delaying or postponing something.
30. cliffhanger,n,可数,悬念.an ending to an episode of a serial drama that leaves the audience in suspense.



第2组
1. patrol:n,a person or group of people sent to keep watch over an area, especially a detachment of guards or police.巡逻。v:keep watch over (an area) by regularly walking or traveling around or through it.
2. Not eligible for traffic school.
3. pavilion:n,a building or similar structure used for a specific purpose, in particular.
4. Miscellaneous:(of items or people gathered or considered together) of various types or from different sources.杂项.
5. calibrate:v,mark (a gauge or instrument) with a standard scale of readings.
6. “When was the last time you calibrate your radar gun？”（你上一次校准你的雷达是什么时候？）
7. "Were you moving when you clocked my speed?" （当你记录我速度的时候你有在移动吗？）
8. odometer reading:里程表
9. 现场(On-site),场外(Off-site)
10. Enforcement Hours执法时间.
11. Intersession:a short period between university terms, sometimes used by students to engage in projects outside the normal academic program.
12. Payroll Deduction:工资扣除
13. delinquent:adj,(typically of a young person or that person's behavior) showing or characterized by a tendency to commit crime, particularly minor crime.
14. Notice of Delinquent 发出欠款通知
15. forge:v,produce a copy or imitation of (a document, signature, banknote, or work or art) for the purpose of deception.
16. allotted time period:
17. paying or contesting the tickets.
18. immobilize:prevent (something or someone) from moving or operating as normal.
19. license plate:牌照.
20. biographical information (e.g. full name, address, country of birth, etc.) 
21. reinstate:restore (someone or something) to their former position or condition.
22. premium: n, 可数 ,保费.an amount to be paid for an insurance policy.
23. counterfeit:adj made in exact imitation of something valuable or important with the intention to deceive or defraud. n :a fraudulent imitation of something else; a forgery.
24. arboretum:a botanical garden devoted to trees.植物园
25. testimonial,n,可数,a formal statement testifying to someone's character and qualifications.推荐.
26. testify:v,give evidence as a witness in a law court. 作证.
27. Downtime:time during which a machine, especially a computer, is out of action or unavailable for use.
28. stipend:a fixed regular sum paid as a salary or allowance.助学金.
29. parentheses:a word, clause, or sentence inserted as an explanation or afterthought into a passage that is grammatically complete without it, in writing usually marked off by curved brackets, dashes, or commas.插入语
30. fumble:n,an act of using the hands clumsily while doing or handling something.v,use the hands clumsily while doing or handling something.eg:How Apple Fumbled The Voice First Future?失手.


第1组
1. tow: 拖车。
2. honk: v按喇叭。（make or cause to make a honk.）
3. horn: n 喇叭。
3. brother in law: 姐夫。
4. Manuel transmission vehicle 手动挡汽车。
5. rear-view mirror.后车镜。
6. He pulled out into the street. 他把车开到了街上。
7. rear-end collisions追尾碰撞
8. jerky:adj characterized by abrupt stops and starts..  ② contemptibly foolish.
9. parking lot driving:停车场驾驶
10. destination trip:目的地之旅
11.  do it with conviction. 
12. tailgate:v:drive too closely behind another vehicle.
13. speedometer:车速表
14. gas pedal:油门踏板
15. upper torso:上部躯干
16. amenable:adj:(of a person) open and responsive to suggestion; easily persuaded or controlled.
17. On the benefits side，On the costs side。
18. benefit to cost ratio
19. straddle:跨
20. blinker:a device that blinks, especially a vehicle's turn signal.(信号灯)
21. emergency brake:手刹
22. outage:n,a period when a power supply or other service is not available or when equipment is closed down.
23. manpower:the number of people working or available for work or service. eg:the police had only limited manpower
24. tentative schedule:暂定时间表
25. faucet:a device by which a flow of liquid or gas from a pipe or container can be controlled; a tap.
水龙头
26. approachable:① friendly and easy to talk to. ② (of a place) able to be reached from a particular direction or by a particular means.
27. Infraction:a violation or infringement of a law, agreement, or set of rules.
28. misdemeanor:a minor wrongdoing.
29. plead:v,make an emotional appeal.Plead Guilty and Pay the Fine：认罪并付钱了事
30. a traffic citation:a summons.





 